es/xuan/cacaquini/logs/LogCACA.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.logs.LogCACA
es/xuan/cacaquini/varis/Constants.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.varis.Constants
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/EscrutiniBD.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.EscrutiniBD
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/UsuariSimple.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.UsuariSimple
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/Quiniela.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.Quiniela
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/PartitMig.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.PartitMig
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/Usuari.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.Usuari
es/xuan/cacaquini/files/SPCloud.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.SPCloud
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.SPCloud$1
es/xuan/cacaquini/files/FilesDao.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesDao
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/EstatQuiniela.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.EstatQuiniela
es/xuan/cacaquini/files/FilesCloud.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$1
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$2
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$3
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$4
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$5
 es.xuan.cacaquini.files.FilesCloud$6
es/xuan/cacaquini/BuildConfig.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.BuildConfig
es/xuan/cacaquini/RegistreActivity.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.RegistreActivity
 es.xuan.cacaquini.RegistreActivity$1
 es.xuan.cacaquini.RegistreActivity$2
 es.xuan.cacaquini.RegistreActivity$3
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/Saldo.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.Saldo
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/QuinielaMig.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.QuinielaMig
es/xuan/cacaquini/migracio/VBMigracio.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.migracio.VBMigracio
es/xuan/cacaquini/gestio/GestorApostes.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.gestio.GestorApostes
es/xuan/cacaquini/varis/Utils.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.varis.Utils
es/xuan/cacaquini/varis/Serializar.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.varis.Serializar
es/xuan/cacaquini/view/Pantalla.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$1
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$10
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$11
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$12
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$13
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$2
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$3
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$4
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$5
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$6
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$7
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$8
 es.xuan.cacaquini.view.Pantalla$9
es/xuan/cacaquini/gestio/GestorUsuari.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.gestio.GestorUsuari
es/xuan/cacaquini/model/Perfil.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.model.Perfil
es/xuan/cacaquini/varis/Base64.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.varis.Base64
 es.xuan.cacaquini.varis.Base64$OutputStream
es/xuan/cacaquini/migracio/VBMigracioQuini.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.migracio.VBMigracioQuini
es/xuan/cacaquini/MainActivity.java
 es.xuan.cacaquini.MainActivity
 es.xuan.cacaquini.MainActivity$1
 es.xuan.cacaquini.MainActivity$2
 es.xuan.cacaquini.MainActivity$3
 es.xuan.cacaquini.MainActivity$4
